‎Parents, you no doubt love
‎to teach your children about Jehovah.
‎Many of you likely use
the pictures and videos supplied
‎by the faithful slave
to help you teach basic truths
‎about our loving God.
‎But pictures can also help us
understand deeper truths about Jehovah.
‎Please read with me
‎Ezekiel 1:5, 6, and 10:
‎“Within it were what looked like
four living creatures,
‎“and the appearance
of each one was like that of a human.
‎“Each one had four faces and four wings.
‎“Their faces had this appearance:
‎“Each of the four had a man’s face
‎“with a lion’s face on the right,
‎“a bull’s face on the left,
‎and each of the four had an eagle’s face.”
‎These verses are discussed
in the chapter entitled
‎“Who Are ‘the Living Creatures
With Four Faces’?”
‎As you consider this material,
look for these key points:
‎Why do the faces of a man, a lion,
‎a bull, and an eagle
‎especially reflect Jehovah’s strength
and mightiness?
‎In what ways are you already benefiting
‎from expressions
of Jehovah’s outstanding attributes?
‎Why can we conclude
that the four faces of the cherubs
‎when viewed together
represent all of Jehovah’s attributes?
‎How does this vision
of Ezekiel assure you
‎that you are never
beyond the reach of Jehovah’s love?
‎If possible, answer as often
as you can during the study.
‎Your answers will encourage
your brothers and sisters.
‎But they’ll do more.
‎They’ll tell Jehovah
how you feel about him,
‎and they’ll strengthen your resolve
‎to give Jehovah pure worship.